I treat my legs like I treat my girlfriends. I ignore em.
"Did you play any sports in High School?" uh yea, if gettin pussys a sport!..I was on JV..
I'm the Will Smith of gettin' high school pussy.
Without protein, You're basically just a regular person.
Therefore, Chest and arms everyday!
I lift every workout like its my last workout.
"Is Yoga ever worth it?" Worth what? $30? 100% of your gains? Your eternal virginity? What price are you willing to pay to see whale tail?
I'm gonna hit the gym. I'm gonna be bigger than the sun.
I started lifting in 1492 and I bench the fuckin ocean. Max set, no warmup.
Dumbbell flys aren't an exercise because that doesn't contain the word "Bench".
If you go on vacation, and you didn't post it to Instagram...Did you even go on vacation at all..?
That's. Justice.
Lets talk about the jungle for a second. Men, were lions. Maybe even rhino lions. Yea definitely rhino lions.
I might not know how to approach a girl at the gym. That don't matter, I'm hittin on her just by bein here.
Brotein.
Calves are your most embarrassing feature. So like walk on your toes or somethin, idk. They're not gonna grow anyway. Fuck it.
History dont lie. Everyone with a droid is a nazi. And hates gettin pussy.
PUUUSSSSYYYYYH
That's what Christmas is all about. Hangin out with your family, lookin bored all day.
Sometimes I don't even jerk off to it, I just sit there and watch it and eat spaghetti.. And jerk off.
I bang alot of ugly girls. For lack of a better words, wild bores.
I'm always wearin shorts, even my pants are shorts..just longer.
I purposely didn't get a job because its a full time job to find a job.
DUBSTEP IS THE CURE TO DIABETES
"PeAnut butter sticks to you and that's how you put on weight"
"Creatine makes you big that's the whole point of it"
"Lifting heavy doesn't do anything for you"
"Squats are bad for your knees"
"Deadlifts are bad for your back"
"Bro, have your shake... You're missing the postworkout window"
"Bro you should never train your back, I don't train mine because I can't see it"
"My motivation? I stand in front of the minnor and open my eyes."
"The day you started lifting is the day you became forever small. Because you will never be as big as you want to be."
"In between sets its not a rest for me, its a rest for the weights."
"Fitness is 98%" lighting. The other 2% is the sun effect on Instagram.
"Getting you girl to lift is all about gentle psychological manipulation. Its alot like doing anal."
"Flexibility. You mean the ability to flex."
"Father forgive me for these gains im about to receive."
"Reps for jesus"
"Crossfit builds cardiovascular endurance. Or as i like to call it: The ability to lose gains."
